README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# torchtransformers

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of torchtransformers is to facilitate working with
transformer-based models in R using torch.

This package is under active development, and the API might change
before we reach our first CRAN release. Please check the issues to see
if anything we have planned will impact your use cases.

## Installation

You can install the released version of torchtransformers from
[CRAN](https://CRAN.R-project.org) with:

``` r
# No you can't.
# install.packages("torchtransformers")
```

And the development version from [GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("macmillancontentscience/torchtransformers")
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the torchtransformers project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Disclaimer

This is not an officially supported Macmillan Learning product.

## Contact information

Questions or comments should be directed to Jonathan Bratt
(<jonathan.bratt@macmillan.com>) and Jon Harmon
(<jonthegeek@gmail.com>).

Commit message:

Add note to README about the dev version of torch.

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# torchtransformers

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of torchtransformers is to facilitate working with
transformer-based models in R using torch.

This package is under active development, and the API might change
before we reach our first CRAN release. Please check the issues to see
if anything we have planned will impact your use cases.

## Installation

This package currently requires the development version of {torch} from
[this PR](https://github.com/mlverse/torch/pull/828). It should install
automatically when you install torchtransformers, but don’t be confused
when it reinstalls.

You can install the development version of torchtransformers from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("macmillancontentscience/torchtransformers")
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the torchtransformers project is released with a
[Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

## Disclaimer

This is not an officially supported Macmillan Learning product.

## Contact information

Questions or comments should be directed to Jonathan Bratt
(<jonathan.bratt@macmillan.com>) and Jon Harmon
(<jonthegeek@gmail.com>).
